


faculty of Engineering fees are 20000. please another faculty name to get it's fees, if you don't want this step please complete or say bye to exit.




















faculty of masscom fees are 30000.please another faculty name to get it's fees, if you don't want this step please complete or say bye to exit.

























faculty of arts fees are 40000.please another faculty name to get it's fees, if you don't want this step please complete or say bye to exit.































Misr University for Science & Technology MUST is the first private university established in Egypt with nearly 20,000+ students. Since 1996, MUST has been recognized for effectiveness and notability of its academic programs as well as the success of its sustainability efforts. Must is well known for its dedication to excellence.

MUST is a nationally recognized technological university administrating a remarkable process of education and securing a highly-ranked research and scholarships in various fields. MUST enjoys full legal recognition by all educational authorities In Egypt and is authorized to grant B.A, B.S, M.A, M.S, and Ph.D. degrees in different fields of study. All our programs at MUST have been accredited by the Supreme Council of Universities in Egypt.

MUST is an active member of the Association of Arab universities, the International Association of university Presidents and the Association of African Universities.

Misr University for Science & Technology (MUST) was established by the presidential decree No.245/1996 in accordance with law No. 101/1992 governing private universities Egypt.

Our mission is to facilitate the learning process of our youth to achieve excellence on social, educational and professional levels. The university aims at altering lives of its students and contributing to the process of education in society as a whole, creating knowledge and, more importantly, seeking distinction. We share the belief that students’ social and educational enhancement emerges when they apply their knowledge. We are committed to delivering the best education experience through expanding imagination of the students, cultivating lifelong learning, and promoting respect for diversity. At MUST, we provide access to higher education opportunities that enable students to achieve the knowledge and skills needed for the job market at actual. We strive to enhance youth capabilities through our distinguished learning environment.


Our vision is striving to be a leading international institution and maintaining our notable status in research and education where all our students have the opportunity to achieve their fullest potential in order to participate in, and contribute to, all life aspects. Aiming towards excellence in its field, MUST was an institute that was born strong and self-motivated to grow into a unique organization and fill the gap in the field of higher education in Egypt aspiring for future expansion all over the Middle East. We seek to ensure that every student acquires various community needs through the use of technology and innovation. At MUST, we provide students with an exceptional educational experience to help them reach their chosen careers. Our up-to-date curricula guide students towards a better-planned future and prepares them to lead successful lives full of achievements


MUST enjoys a position of influence, as an educator and employer in the region, nationally and internationally.  Recognizing that with privilege comes responsibility and duties, the Code of Ethics MUST adopts, describes how those responsibilities are fulfilled.

 

This Code articulates the overarching framework of ethical principles that govern MUST community. Its principles underpin all University policies and our approach to partnerships with other institutions. The code applies to all MUST University activities undertaken by all staff, students and individuals acting on behalf of the University or in the name of the University including those who hold an honorary status with the University. Former employees who have been conferred privileges at the University, for example, Emeritus Professors, also abide by these principles.



Prof. Dr. A. S. Tolba Vice President for Education and Information Technology( etc ) .

















Prof. Dr. Muhammad H. El-Azzazi President.
















Prof. Dr. Mokhtar M. El-Zawahry Dean of Biotechnology Professor.















Assoc. Prof. Mohamed Mustafa M. Ibrahim  Vice President for Graduate Studies & Research .
















Mr. Wesam Nagy Secretary General.
















Prof. Dr. Fawzia Aboul Fetouh Dean of Medicine. 
















Prof. Dr. Hany Hussien Amin Dean of Oral and Dental Surgery Department : Oral and Dental Surgery Email: hany.amin@must.edu.eg.
























Prof. Dr. Mohamed Mohsen Ismail Dean of College of Pharmacy Email: mohsen.ismail@must.edu.eg.



























Prof. Dr. Salah Abdel Moneim Sawan Dean of Physical Therapy Department : Physical Therapy for Neuromuscular Diseases &amp; Its Surgeries. E-mail : salah.sawan@must.edu.egEducation.

  

















Prof. Dr. Baher Aboustait Dean of College of Engineering Professor, Structural Engineering Engineering Building, MUST Misr University for Science and Technology Six of October City, 12566 (2012) 310-2372 baher.aboustait@must.edu.egEducation : Ph.D., Structural Engineering, The Ohio State University, USA 1983 M Sc., Structural Engineering Memorial University of Newfoundland Canada M Sc., Structural Engineering Cairo University Egypt 1977 B Sc., Civil Engineering Cairo University 1973Research Interests Finite Element Analysis Structural Optimization Flow Through Porous Media Bridge Rating Shakedown Analysis of Tall Buildings.






















Prof. Dr. Mohamed Omar Hammad Dean of Faculty of Business Administration and Economics.





















Prof. Dr. Hesham Attia
Dean of Faculty of Media and Mass Communication.



















Assoc. Prof. Naglaa Mohamed Awad
Assistant Professor Arabic Department.
















Prof. Dr. Hany Harb
Dean of College of Information Technology.





















Prof. Dr. Fatma Mokhtar El-Sharkawy
Dean of College of Applied Medical Science.
























Prof. Dr. Omaima Mostafa Elshal
Dean of the College of Tourism Guidance Professor and Supervisor of the Department of Egyptian Antiquities.





















Prof. Dr. Nabil El-Zahhar
Dean of College of Special Education.













Mr. Khaled Altoukhy Chancellor, Chairman of the Board of Trustees

Misr University for Science and Technology has been founded by virtue of the presidential Decree NO.245/1996. Then university was founded by a group led by the late prof. Dr. Souad Kafafi. The founders believed in the importance of private higher education. They were focused on human development which they understood to be the route to achieving development in all other fields in Egypt as well as the rest of the region.

The university uses the credit hour system to allow the students to develop independent personalities as done in internationally renowned institutes. The students are free to choose programs and specializations to suit their own aptitude and talents for the good. This system helps stimulate thinking and self study in students that paves way for creativity and self development by the means of modern technology and exploiting it to develop much needed skills

The university realizes that scientific research is imperative for success in any sector and has gathered several outstanding researchers as well as modern equipment that are able to carry through the type of research that is needed to benefit the society the most.

The university maintains a group of service centers to include the society in its progress and activities by providing services to the general public in all fields.

The value that this institution places in knowledge is because of the belief that knowledge not only liberates the mind but also paves way to innovation in every sector, therefore, creating the new generations’ capability of self progress and prosperity.






























Professor Dr. Souad Kafafi, Ph.D Founder of the University Chairperson of the First Board of Trustees 1996 - 2004

Prof. Dr. Souad Kafafi

Misr University for Science and Technology (MUST) is one of the major private universities in Egypt. The university is a major educational institution and a national resource of the country. The university serves through its central campus in the six of October city.

The university was founded with the core purpose of high quality academic teaching, research and public service in order to build capacity of individual students and help them develop an enlightened and critical thinking, understanding and the capacity to act on these values. The university was founded to shape the society as well as individuals via dissemination of knowledge.

The university offers various degree programs in under graduate as well as post graduate levels in both liberal arts as well as science.

University’s activities are mainly focused on research to participate in the generation’s advancement of knowledge and to prepare mature scholars. Able students are offered the opportunity to select from a wide spectrum of life long learning needs via the university’s programs and find multiple new approaches & solutions to contemporary problems.

The university is a representative of the human commitment to betterment of the world at an international scale and this objective is delivered through its exploration of new ideas and preparation of its students as quality citizens.























International linkages are critical for innovation as they provide powerful learning opportunities and support innovation processes. Not only this, they also expose students to the real world and its diversity.
Consistent with its philosophy in linking its education and research activities with renowned and reputed, comparable organizations and through a well-planned program for undergraduates studies, MUST adopts an active and persistent policy of interaction with these local and international organizations allowing for further developments in student curricula and establishing strong ties with academia and industry alike.
Office of International Linkages is a unit under the Office of the Vice President for Academic Affairs. This office is mandated to identify and explore areas of cooperation and linkages with foreign and local institutions. It promotes academic collaboration with local and foreign universities in the form of student exchange , joint research, publication exchange, conference sponsorship and other various academic activities. The office is also engaged in the initiation, planning, implementation and monitoring of linkage activities.





























faculties are : Medicine, College of Applied Medical Sciences, College of Business Administration , Economics and Information System, College of Foreign Languages and Translation, College of Special Education, College of Biotechnology, College of Information Technology, College of Physical Therapy, College of Media and Mass Communication, College of Engineering, College of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Drug Manufacturing, College of Oral and Dental Surgery, College of Archaeology and Tourist Guidance.
































































